Intro 
    
    I feel speaking about imposter syndrome is important, as many individuals feel like they don’t fit in or don’t belong in the role they are in, because they aren’t smart enough, don’t have that shiny certificate or degree, or don’t know as much about a topic as their collogues. 

Attention Getter 
    Imposter syndrome in the tech industry, why we all belong and all feel like we don’t. 

Thesis 
    Research suggests that imposter syndrome happens because of how quickly technology changes and milestones in our careers. Or because there are so many different areas of knowledge that it is impossible to know everything.

Preview Main Points 

    I will cover two main points 
        1.	Imposter syndrome and technologic advancements.  
        2.	Imposter syndrome and career change.

    What is impostor syndrome? Some would describe it as feeling like a fraud and not accepting the skills or experience they have learned, some attribute their success to 'dumb luck'. Individuals may experience these feelings despite evidence of their ability. Research originally focused on the prevalence among high-acheiving women, however now acknowledges it may affect both men and women equally.
     
 
Maint Point 1 
    In this topic I will cover how imposter syndrome impacts our ability to celebrate success in our career paths. When we experience feelings of self doubt it becomes extremely difficult to celebrate victories and success in our role. 
    
    Milestones such as promotions can trigger imposter syndrome at any time throughout our career paths (Career Foundry (2019, March 21)). 
    
    Promotion after 14 years, hello imposter syndrome. You might feel like you didn't deserve the promotion, you might feel like you aren't really qualified for the promotion. You may experience self talk that tries to deter you, thoughts like, 
        why did they pick me 
        Feelings of doubt
        wanting to run away 


    Starting with a new company after beating all the other candidates out for the role, hello imposter syndrome. 

    Imposter Syndrome is very common among people who are new to a role and lack the tribal knowledge that comes with tenure (freeCodeCamp (2020, January 26)). 

    Overcoming imposter syndrome can be a long and arduous journey (IQ Inc. (n.d.)).

Main Ponit 2 
    My second point will be reviewing how quickly technology moving can cause us to quickly feel out of place or lost during any point in our careers (Career Foundry (2019, March 21)). 

    A prime example is trying to keep up with cloud technologies, or Kubernetes. These two technologies are rapidly changing and driving the demand for knowledge. 
 
    Additional at home study or personal development in order to obtain certificates or degrees will also trigger a bout of imposter syndrome. I feel part of this is a natural process as our peers learn differently from us, they may have more time, they may have entered into the industry at a time the technology we are attempting to learn was new. The natural response of comparing ourselves to our peers will trigger this complex if we are not careful. 

Restate Thesis 
    In conclusion, many times throughout our careers in the tech industry we will encounter imposter syndrome, whether we are changing careers, or trying to keep up with an ever-changing domain. 

Closing 
    I want everyone today to make a conscious effort to talk about imposter syndrome more. Let’s take away its’ power by talking about it. 